health depends on you you who is the most responsible
that's why we write
we present to you at the moment
like to be happy
where on the page
we treat only one
milton extraordinaire
to parliamentarian
wonderfully dosed
the imf creamy paf the banana is already a food
interesting
athletes appreciate this fleet because of its high nutritional value
and mainly because of the high concentration of energy that this is
able to offer
have control over blood pressure did you know that for nothing are
excellent sources of potassium
Minerals are essential for maintenance of blood pressure and for
the vital functions of the heart
and a banana has approximately 467 milligrams of potassium and only 30
milligrams of sodium
ate a banana a day is able to help in the prevention of pressure
arterial internal warfare parties
against tehran
as we have already said
who ate high-fiber foods such as bananas
heart diseases
besides these benefits
the potassium found abandoned help prevent and maintain health
the botafogo is able to neutralize the truth
the footwear
a feeding
of sodium
of Brazilian food pmb cana
protection of the stomach
are also recognized for their antacid effects.
for the problems of a stomach scene
award the team
pectin-rich maximum arm light
in what can help to shape the functioning of trafficking
and relieving constipation
reintervention
can not touch corinthians
the goal the act predicts the title
help in the production of vitamin C in digestive sivas responsible for
improve nutrient absorption capacity
besides compounds that protect against microorganisms the status
prevention of kidney cancer
Did you know that moderate consumption of fruits and vegetables especially banana
and country vegetables
reduce the risk of cancer that comes
bananas and tubers as especially large quantities
of phenolic compounds planting visitors
we can get more and more health through food
if in theory they are offered
I have started to eat more bananas and to be healthier you deserve the
universe thank you